the cost of fuel accounts for about a
third of the expenditure of a typical
European haulage company this is a cost
that Volvo Trucks can help its customers
reduce in a number of ways fuel
efficiency is very important for our
customers and the fuel prices is
continuously increasing so the
importance of fusion and fuel efficiency
is continuously increasing some say to
turn the spotlight on the question of
fuel further trucks is rolling out
campaign entitled every drop counts it
comprises printed advertisements and
internet banners designed to raise
interest and attention and attract
visitors to Volvo Trucks comm / every
drop counts the actual hub of this
campaign it is the right timing as the
fuel prices is rapidly now increasing
and and of course the interest for this
is much higher from our customers but
for me this is not a campaign this is an
offer that we continuously have and what
we want to do is of course to increase
the tension among our customers at this
site visitors can see examples of the
number of ways Volvo Trucks is working
to reduce its customers fuel consumption
new engine technologies are one example
with the hybrid technology we can dig an
increase the fuel efficiency in the
range of 15 to 30 percent depending on
what kind of cycle you're driving your
truck and then on the other hand also we
have alternative fuels as we call it and
natural gas engines that is the next
step that we are developing and we are
quite unique because we are developing
engines with a diesel cycle which means
compared to traditional natural gas
engines we where the diesel cycle have
also around 30% lower fuel consumption
new innovative technology is one
important way to cut fuel consumption
but the human factor also has a huge
impact where we have same
the drivers we can see that the you
consumption has decreased in the range
of seven through fifteen percent which
is an incredible result we want to
continue to have a long term
relationship with our customers it is
selling and offering what we can do with
driver training with dynafleet with the
excellent service and and so on all
those activities and the concept that we
have that is what we make mean with a
long term relationship
the every drop counts campaign will be
launched in early May and will live on
as Volvo Trucks continues to develop
fuel saving solutions